middle-aged man finds and attacks
teenage kid for beating him and call of
duty okay what the hell is wrong with
these people hello guys this me breakin
times Jurgen today are the only Queen
that games and I'm bringing us a black
ops 1 gameplay on the PlayStation 3 and
this is a quite old gameplay and I just
did really well and I thought you know
what let me put some black ops 1 let's
change up the pace and let's also post
this on 741 Max's channel so this is a
very much appreciated max for allowing
me the opportunity to upload on your
channel and possibly gain more
subscribers and improve my content as a
whole now today's video I'm going to
talk about the top six reasons why you
should be terrified of the gaming
community now these are in no specific
order and this is just to use to help
you understand what people are like and
how people act on online gaming systems
or in online communities in general and
this is also to educate you again not to
scare you now these are no specific
order so let's get started number one is
pedophiles a pedophile is basically that
18 year older person such it can be male
or female that is trying to get with
somebody who's 18 years young or like 18
and younger for 17 and younger it's one
of those and they want to do you know
sexual things or do really kinky things
with these kids or minors whatever you
want to call them and they're basically
took an advantage of in the long run in
possibly can scar children this also
includes afraid of any kind because a
lot of rape cases have happened this way
especially in the past decade number two
the hackers now a hacker can pretty much
control everything you do they control
everything you see they can prevent you
from doing stuff and then you can also
steal your information now of course
everybody usually knows this that what
hackers do but they don't know that
affect what they can do so they seem
they can basically ruin your credit or
they can just steal your credit card
number spend all the money in the world
and you can pay back like a million
dollars and you can't do nothing about
it you can't win a court case can't win
anything like that but they can
basically screw up your life find out
where you live they can harm your
children if they're crazy but usually
most hackers aren't like that they're
just used to scare people but that's
pretty much it for them three human
traffickers now human tracker is
somebody who tries to trick somebody
either online or in real life into
thinking that they're gonna do something
better if they you know become friends
with them meet in real life maybe we can
get you an awesome job but it turns out
to be something completely different and
those kids usually end up going missing
and they're never found until like a
couple of years later it is a
ridiculously long time and you never
want to fall for a human trafficking
type thing these people are also I guess
you can say slave owner still because
you know they're buying people for cheap
amount and make them do a bunch of hard
labor well this also depends if you're
male or female but that's besides the
point let's get off this topic it's
pretty messed up and it's kind of going
off topic at the same time or catfishing
now catfishing is when somebody pretends
to be somebody they're not on an online
site now some people while most guys
like to act like girls and attract
boys's attention because they might have
no friends or you know things like that
or a girl will do it because nobody
likes it because they're either a drama
queen or there are knowing or they're
just straight-up creepy now we're gonna
end that part there because I don't want
to go too deep and catfishing so I know
a few people that have actually done
this but it was like harmless catfishing
it wasn't trying to lure people it's
just to be a troll 5 Psychopaths or you
know crazy people now these people are
the kids who will kill you track you
down and murder you beat up your child
like I said in the intro clip or
middle-aged man tracks and beats up a
kid for beating him and call to duty now
those are the type of people going to
watch out for because there was this
also another article in the UK where
this grown man met up with this kid that
he played on xbox live i believe and he
killed them now there's a bunch of other
things i can go on with this but these
people are dangerous you want to avoid
them at all time if you see somebody all
where's your address and stuff like that
you need to most definitely block them
and stay away from them and the sixth
and final one is swatters everybody
knows this water is
what they do is they find your address
or your you know local IP or whatever to
find out which what's your postal code
basically and they will call your local
police department say he has a bomb or
like ten hostages or like 30 million
people stuck in there and they will
literally have the SWAT team come out
and that's waste a lot of money also and
that also pisses off the government just
on that out there these people are
dangerous they can possibly cause your
arrest they caused whiteboy cemetery in
his girlfriend kpop to be arrested which
was pretty pretty pathetic I don't know
why people you know would swap people
it's pretty sad and usually people do
this because they're jealous now that's
all for today I hope you guys enjoyed
please make sure to subscribe to my
channel as well as Max's and this is
very much appreciated thank you guys for
listening and i'll talk to you guys
later ciao